SRA  TRAIN  CONTROL  COMMAND  COMMUNICATION  SYSTEM


SYSTEM MANAGEMENT TERMINAL

USER MANUAL



          x.   INTRODUCTION
          x.1. Overview
          x.2. Database Actions

          y.   OPERATION
          y.1. General
          y.2. Main Menu
          y.3. Database Menu
          y.4. Database Screens
          y.5. Manipulating Records in the Database
          y.6. Moving within a Database Screen
          y.7. Selection Lists
          y.8. Field and Screen Validation
          y.9. Downloading the Configuration
          y.10.     Getting Help
          y.11.     Passwords
          y.12.     Data Relationships

          z.   APPENDIX
          z.1  Database Status
          z.2  Error Messages

x.   INTRODUCTION

     This documentation describes the database portion of the
SMT, which include the functions when Database Maintenance is
choosen from the Main Menu.

x.1. Overview

The System Management Terminal  (SMT) provides a means of
controllong information used by the command terminals (CT's).

This information is stored locally in a database, which is then
downloaded to all command terminal when required.  The SMT
provides a number of screens which allow the user to view, add,
modify or delete records contained in the database. Each screen
pertains to a certain functional data type or relation used by
each command terminal.


x.2. Database Actions

All operations which perform an action in the database are
accessed by the row of boxes at the bottom of the screens shown
below:

(caption for box row here)

These action boxes are shown at the bottom of each data entry
screen.  The boxes that are applicable for a particular screen
are highlighted; those that are not applicable at the time are
dimmed.  The actions are:

     Action         Function Key to press
     Add                 F1
     Modify              F2
     Move                F3
     Save                F4
     Beginning           F5
     Previous            F6
     Next                F7
     End                 F8
     Delete              F9
     Select Group        F10
     View                F11
     Alternate Add       F12

These actions are explained in more detail elsewhere. In this
documentation, you will be referred to as using keys to perform
certain actions, such as the Add key. This literally means, press
the F1 key on your keyboard.

Note that the record displayed on screen is called the current
record, and that all database actions which relate to a record
refer to this current record. For example Modify, Add, Delete all
act on the current record (the record on screen)..


y.   OPERATION

y.1. General

Moving around within a screen and within the menus is
accomplished by using the up, down, left and right cursor keys.
The current cursor position will always be higlighted. Selecting
an item in a menu is by moving the cursor to that item and
pressing the enter key.


y.2. Main Menu

The Main Menu consists of the following headings:

     Database Management
     Command Terminal Maintenance
     Help Overview
     Return to Main Menu

Use the up and down cursor keys to highlight the desired function
and press the enter key to select the highlighted menu item.

On selecting the 'Database Maintenance' menu option the user will
be prompted to enter a higher level of password. The default
password has been set to 'SMT DATA' and when entered will give
the user access to the Database Management menu. Should an
incorrect password be entered the SMT will revert back to the
System Management menu.

Note that CT Maintenance is discussed in the Fault Locating
Manual, and is not described in this manual.


2.3. Database Menu

The Database Management Menu consists of the following choices:

     Elementary Data
     Controller Group Configuration
     Line Assignment
     System Configuration
     Download Configuration
     Regress to Passive Data

     Elementary Data are the base items for the database. It
contains records which most other records depend on. Usually
modifiying or deleting any of these records will bring around
global changes in the database since most records are dependant
on these base items. Elementary Data consists of:
     Telephone Telephone Numbers
     Group Page Labels
     Controller Group Labels
     ECBU Magazine Labels

     Controller Group Configuration contains items that relate
to the Command Terminal and its Controller. This inludes defining
the controller, configuring the Command Terminal etc. Controller
Group Configuration consists of:
     Called Party (Controller)
     Command Terminal Configuration
     Command Terminal Grouping
     Controller Passwords
     AMBA (Batch Conferences)

     Line Assignment defines the passive and active line
assignments for the controller and/or the controllers group. Line
Assignment consists of:
 
     Passive Line Assignments
     Outgoing Party Line Parties
     Active Assignment Labels 
     Primary Active Assignments
     Secondary Active Assignments
     Party Line Active Assignments
     Selcall Line Active Assignments


     System Configuration defines of information on a system
level. System Configuration consists of:

     PABX Configuration
     Service Personal Passwords
     Report Configuration


A brief summary of each function is as follows:

Telephone Numbers
     Defines a telephone number, its characteristics, and its
associated key label.

Group Page Labels
     Defines the key label for the Group Page keys.

Controller Group Labels
     Defines a label or descriptive term for a controller group.

ECBU Magazine Labels
     IAN

Called Party (Controller)
     Defines Controller groups associated to the called number
(normal, priority or emergency number).

Command Terminal Configuration
     Define the information specific for each Command Terminal
such as its extension number etc.

Command Terminal Grouping
     Assign a set of Command Terminals to a controller group.

Controller Passwords
     Define a controller and his/her default settings.

AMBA (Batch Conferences)
     Sets up Group Conference information for each controller.

Passive Line Assignments:
     Sets up the Passive Line Assignments for each Group Page by
allowing positioning of Telephone Number key labels.

Outgoing Party Line Parties
     Associates code numbers with a number defined in Telephone
Numbers which has been described as a Party Line.

Active Assignment Labels
     Set up a key label for each controller depending how many
controllers are in telephony for that controller group.

Primary Active Assignments
     Define a set of extension numbers as the Active Assignment
for a controller group

Secondary Active Assignments
     Given the Active Assignments set up in Primary Active
Assignments, allows you to select which controller within a group
is to receive which assignment depending how many controllers are
in telephony for this controller group.

Party Line Active Assignments
     Defines information for outgoing calls to each party on
party lines.

Selcall Line Active Assignments
     IAN

PABX Configuration
     Sets up the values used by the PABX. This option is defined
once at system installation.

Service Personal Passwords
     Define a controller who is designated as Service Personal
and his/her default settings.

Report Configuration
     Allows you to set various parameters that are to be reported
when a Download Configuration is requested.


2.4. Database Screens

This sections shows the screens associated with each item in the
database menu.

Telephone Numbers
     <insert screens here >

Group Page Labels
     <insert screens here >

Controller Group Labels
     <insert screens here >

ECBU Magazine Labels
     <insert screens here >

Called Party (Controller)
     <insert screens here >

Command Terminal Configuration

Command Terminal Grouping

Controller Passwords

AMBA (Batch Conferences)

Passive Line Assignments:

Outgoing Party Line Parties

Active Assignment Labels

Primary Active Assignments

Secondary Active Assignments

Party Line Active Assignments

Selcall Line Active Assignments

PABX Configuration

Service Personal Passwords
Report Configuration



2.5  Manipulating Records in the Database

Following is a list of procedures for manipulating records within
each database screen. The screens will be listed following their
functions and which key performs that function in brackets '( )'.

The following procedures relate to all the forementioned screens
with the exception of Passive Line Assignmens, Primary Active
Assignments and Secondary Active Assignments, These are discussed
in the next section.

     Telephone Numbers
     Group Page Labels
     Controller Group Labels
     ECBU Magazine Labels
     Called Party (Controller)
     Command Terminal Configuration
     Command Terminal Grouping
     Controller Passwords
     AMBA (Batch Conferences)
     Outgoing Party Line Parties
     Active Assignment Labels
     Party Line Active Assignments
     Selcall Line Active Assignments
     PABX Configuration
     Service Personal Passwords
     Report Configuration

Add a record             (Add key)
Adds the current screen to the database (this will create a new
record), If the record on screen is an existing record, and no
changes to the record have occurred, the error message "Duplicate
Record" is displayed.

Modify a record          (Mod key)
Modifies the current record in the database. For Modify to work,
you must have first used one of the view database commands to
bring an existing record up on the screen.

Delete a record          (Del key)
Deletes the current record from the database. The next record of
this type will be automatically displayed. If the record deleted
is the last record for this screen, then a informational message
"End of File" is displayed.

First Record             (Beginning key)
Moves to the first record of this type in the file and displays
this record. 

Last Record              (End key)
Moves to the last record of this type in the file and displays
this record.

Next Record              (Next key)
Moves to the next record of this type in the file and displays
this record. 

Previous Record          (Previous key)
Moves to the previous record of this type in the file and
displays this record. 

Exit Screen              (Esc key)
Exits the current screen and returns to the main menu, This
options applies to all screens.

SPECIAL NOTE:

Saving is not automatic.  You must add or modify a record if you
want your changes written to the database.  Note that any command
that deals with movement (next, previous, end or beginning) will
forfeit any changes you may have made to a screen if you had not
used add or modify.

Telephone Numbers has a search feature, which will allow you to
quickly move to a specific record. You can search for the first
letter in the Target Description by pressing ALT-(search key).
For example, if you wished to get the first record where the
target description starts with an 'S', press ALT-S.

Passive Line Assignments Screen

The cursor for this screen is represented by a highlighted box.
Use the cursor keys to move the box.  Saving of assignments is
done automatically.  See screen below:



Add an assignment        (Add key)
Brings up a selection list of Telephone Number labels. The
selected label is added to the current cursor position.

Add an assignment        (Alternate Add key)
Brings up a selection list of Command Terminal Number labels. The
selected label is added to the current cursor position.

Insert an assignment page     (Shift Add key)
Brings up a selection list of defined group pages.  The line
assignments for the selected page are copied into the current
page.

Modify an assignment     (Mod key)
Brings up a selection list of extension number labels. The
selected label will overwrite the existing label at the current
cursor position.

Move an assignment  (Move key)
Allows you to move the label at the current cursor position to
a new position. The label may be moved to another page, but not
to another Group Page. When moving, the Move key will change
colour to signify you are now in move mode. Use the cursor keys
and Next and Previous Page keys to move the cursor to the desired
new location. Press the Move key again and the label will be
moved. Note that you cannot move a label on top of another label.

Go To Line Page1         (Beginning key)
Displays the first line page for this group page.

Go To Line Page 5        (End key)
Displays the last line page for this group page.

Previous Page       (Previous key)
Displays the previous page for this group page.

Next Page           (Next key)
Displays the Next page for this group page.

Select a Group Page (Group key)
Displays a selection list from which a group page can be
selected.

Delete an Assignment Page     (Shift Del key)
Clears the current page of all assignments.

Primary Active Assignments Screen

This screen displays a list of labels for all the Telephone
Numbers defined.  Telephone Numbers which are Active assignments
for this controller group will be marked with a '*' and be a
different colour.  The space bar acts as a toggle in selecting
Telephone Numbers as active assignments for the current
controller group. The list of Telephone Nmbers might be more than
is possible to display on the screen. If applicable, use the
PageUp and PageDn keys to access further Telephone Numbers. See
selection lists for how to use movement keys.



Save Assignments              (Save key)
Saves the Active assignments for the current controller group to
the database. Note that saving is NOT automatic. If you don't
save, your changes won't be saved.

Select a Controller Group          (Group key)
Displays a selection list from which a controller page can be
selected.

View Active Assignments       (View key)
Brings up a window showing just the extensions assigned for this
controller group, rather than all extension numbers. Once in this
window, you may use the movement keys as defined under selection
lists. Press the Esc key to exit this window.

Secondary Active Assignments Screen.

This screen displays at any one time, 5 configurations of active
assignments for a given number of controllers in telephony mode
for the selected controller group.  On the left of the window is
a list of Telephone Numbers chosen for this group from Primary
Active Assignments.  Across the right are the 5 configurations
labelled 1 to 5. Within each configuration there are 10 rows,
representing a maximum of 10 operators in telephony mode for any
given controller group. Controller 1 to Controller 10 is
represented by column 1 to 10 for each configuration. Only as
many columns as controllers in telephony mode will be accessible
for editing. Use the cursor keys to move around the screen.

The space bar acts as a toggle in selecting assignments for
controllers; an 'X' denotes that the extension is assigned to
that particular controller. If applicable, use the PageUp and
PageDn keys to access further Telephone Numbers.



Save Assignments         (Save key)
Saves the Active assignments for the current controller group to
the database. Note that saving is not automatic. Only the CURRENT
configuration is saved, you must save when moving from one
configuration to another.

Increase Controllers in Telephony Mode  (End key)
Redisplays the screen with an additional number of controllers
in telephony mode.  For example if the current screen is for 2
controllers in telephony mode, choosing this option will
redisplay the screen for 3 controllers in telephony mode. Note
the maximum number of controllers in telephony mode is the number
of controllers assigned to this Controller Group from the Command
Terminal Grouping screen.

Decrease Controllers in Telephony Mode  (Beginning key)
Displays the screen with 1 less controller in telephony mode.
Note the mininum controllers in telephony mode is 2. (1 operator
in telephony mode will always have all assignments so input is
not needed).

Go to Next Configuration      (Next key)
Jumps to the next configuration for this screen. Note: save the
current configuration before moving between configurations as the
save option only saves the current configuration, not  all 5
configurations.

Go to Previous Configuration  (Previous key)
Jumps to the previous configuration for this screen.

Select a Controller Group          (Group key)
Displays a selection list from which another controller group can
be selected.

SPECIAL NOTE FOR ALL SCREENS:

With Add and Modify, the screen acted on will be re-read from
disk. This gives a visual confirmation that the record just added
or modified was indeed added or modified.

With movement commands (next record, end of file etc), the order
of movement is based on the most important field for that screen.
For example, if viewing Telephone Numbers, it will be ordered on
its label in alphabetical order.

2.6. Moving within a Database Screen

This section refers to all screens except Passive Line
Assignments, Primary Active Assignments and Secondary Active
Assignments.

Database screens consist of a number of fields requiring entry.
The current field where the cursor is located will be highlighted
in a different colour. To move within a field, use the cursor
left and right keys. To move to the next field, use the cursor
down or Enter key. To move up a field, use the cursor up key.
Field editing keys consist of the Backspace (deletes a character
to the left of the cursor) and Delete (deletes the character
under the cursor).


2.7. Selection Lists

Any field within a database screen marked with a '*' means that
entry for this field is via a selection list. A selection list
is a pop-up window which allows you to view all possible
selections. To pop-up the selection list, press the Enter key.
Use the cursor keys to move up or down the list. Pressing Enter
to make a selection. Press Esc to cancel selection. For large
lists use the PageUp, PageDn keys to scroll up/down a page at a
time.  Pressing Home will take you to the first item in the list,
End to the last. first letter selection is also available, this
means pressing a letter on the keyboard will move the cursor to
the first item in the list with the same letter.


2.8  Field and Screen Validation

Field validation consists of 2 simple types, alphabetical and
numeric.
Validation is done on a key by key basis. Thus for a numeric
field, pressing a alphabetic key will be ignored.

Screen validation is performed when Add or Modify is selected and
consists of checking whether all fields requiring data contain
data. If this is not the case, an error will result and the
offending field will be highlighted; allowing you to enter data
before trying an Add or Modify again.


2.9  Downloading the Configuration

Choose Download Configuration from the Database Management Menu.
This will download all the data in the database to the CT's.
Choose this option when you wish the Command Terminals to operate
under any new changes you have made to the database. 

On selecting this entry, no intervention is necessary, a screen
display will give you a progress report  on the downloading.

If you have selected any of the report options under Report
Configuration, then a report will be generated.

Once the download has been initiated each Command Terminal  will
copy the data files to their local hard drives, the outcome of
this operation is displayed in the download window.

When all the Command Terminals have been processed a confirming
message box will appear, if any Command Terminals have failed to
copy the files successfully a warning message will be given,
otherwise the download can be completed by responding 'Y' at the
prompt or aborted by typing 'N'.

SPECIAL NOTES:

Before commencing a download of new data it is essential that all
the Command Terminals are known to the SMT. 

This can be established by choosing the Command Terminal
Maintenance menu option at the System Management menu level then
the LAN Status option and finally the Active Users option. The
resulting table displays the Command Terminals known to the
system and whether they are logged on or off, etc. Check
carefully that all the CT's from SRA_CT_4401 to SRA_CT_4415 are
recorded, should any be missing it is suggested that each
terminal be P.I.N.ed on again before the download is started or
be made to log an unknown caller to the SMT printer. This should
re-attach the terminal to the Local Area Network.

NB: Any CT's not recorded in this list may not successfully copy
the new data files !!

It is expected that downloading files may require some time to
perform.  A bar display on the screen will indicate the progress
of downloading.


2.9.A.  Data Passive Regression

Selecting this option enable the system to revert to the previous
version of data (refer to the LAN Server Terminal for the current
data version). A message window will appear asking for
confirmation of the request, respond 'Y' to continue or 'N' to
abort the operation. After responsing 'Yes' to the this menu the
system will automatically restart in about two minutes and will
be running under the previous version of data.

SPECIAL NOTES:

Be careful, once the regression has been started it cannot be
aborted !!


2.10 Getting Help

General help is available in the help menu. Use the cursor to
select the help topic you desire and press the Enter key. 

The help screen might contain more information that can be
displayed within the window; use the cursor keys and the PageUp
and PageDn keys to move through the text.
Many of the screens of the System Management Terminal contain
specific help. To obtain specific help press the Alt and F1 keys
on the field on which help is required.

Press the Esc key to exit help.


2.11 Passwords

When first starting the program, you will be prompted to enter
the access password before proceeding. You cannot proceed until
this is done. 

To provide protection of data when the SMT is unattended for a
period of 10 minutes, the screen will be blanked and a access
password window will appear. Access to the program will be denied
until the correct password is entered. Once the correct password
is entered, the screen will be restored to its prior state.

2.12.     Data Relationships

Many of the database screens within the SMT have a data
dependancy with other database screens.  Therefore, in order to
add records of a certain type, it is necessary that other records
must exist on which the new records are dependant. Normally, all
the database records under Elementary Data under the Database
Maintenance Menu should be entered first, as most of the other
records will depend on these base items in one way or another.

For example, you cannot add any Passive Line Assignments until
you have defined records for Telephone Numbers and Group Page
Labels.  Some records are not dependant on other records.  These
'elementary' base records include Group Page Labels, Telephone
Numbers, ECBU Magazine Labels and Controller Group Labels.
  
z.   APPENDIX

z.1      Database Status

        The file status of the database can be monitored by the small
        coloured boxes at the upper left of the screen. Each of these
        boxes represent a file within the database and are (from left
        to right)

	Group Page Labels
	Telephone Numbers
	Passive Line Assignments
	Called Party (Controller)
	Primary Active Assignments
	Secondary Active Assignments
	Command Terminal Grouping
	PABX Configuration
	Command Terminal Configuration
	AMBA (Batch Conferences)
	Controller Passwords
	Controller Group Labels
	Active Assignment Labels
	Party Line Active Assignments
	Selcall Line Active Assignments
	Outgoing Party Line Parties
	ECBU Magazine Labels
	Service Personnel Passwords
	Report Configuration
	Internal Index File
	Internal Index File
	Internal Index File
	Internal Index File
	Internal Index File
	Internal Index File

        The status of these boxes is as follows:

        No box - the file is closed and not being accessed
        Yellow box - the file is open, but not currently being accessed
        Black box with 'R' - the file is open, and is currently being accessed
        Black box with 'W' - the file is open, and is currently being written to

        Whilst in one of the menus, no boxes should be visible. The SMT
        will flush the database to disk at this point if you have just finished
        some data entry. If any boxes show a file still open, it indicates
        an error, and the program should be terminated and restarted.

z.2      Error and Informational Messages

        A description of all the error and informational messages that may
        appear at the bottom of the screen whilst in the SMT follows:

<Beginning of file>                                             (information)
        The beginning of the file has been reached.
<End of file>                                                   (information)
        The end of the file has been reached.
<Duplicate Record>                                              (error)
        An attempt has been made to add a record which has a key
        which matches an existing record. The record is not added.
<No Active Assignments>                                         (error)
        No primary assignments have been made for this controller group.
        Assign primary assignments before trying this option again.
<No Command Terminals for this Controller Group>                (error)
        This controller group has no Command Terminals assigned to it.
        This options is not needed for an un-assigned controller group.
        You may assign terminals under Command Terminal Grouping.
<This Controller Group needs no secondary assignments>          (information)
        This controller group has 1 Command Terminal assigned to it,
        and therefore needs no secondary assignments as this COmmand
        Terminal will receive all active assignments.
<Valid pages are in the range ( 1 to 5 )>                       (information)
        There is 5 line pages under passive assignments. They are 
        numbered from 1 to 5 inclusive.
<Can't modify a record that doesnt exist!>                      (error)
        An attempt has been made to modify a blank line key under
        passive assignments. Only assigned line keys can be modified.
<NO records have been defined yet>                              (information)
        This will occur when a choice list is selected and no records
        of this type exist or all records of this type have already been
        assigned.
<Record already exists. Use Modify>                             (error)
        An attempt has been made to add an assigned line key under
        passive assignments. Use modify to change this line key.
<Incomplete form - record not written>                          (error)
        An attempt has been made to add a record in which not all
        the mandatory fields contain data. The field which requires
        data will be highlighted.
<NO Extension Numbers have been defined>                        (error)
        This will occur when you try to add telephone numbers while in
        passive or active assignments. Telephone numbers must exist to
        use these options.
<NO Controller Groups have been defined>                        (error)
        An attempt has been made to enter Active Assignments before
        any controller groups have been defined.
<NO Group Pages have been defined>                              (error)
        An attempt has been made to enter Passive Assignments before
        any Group Page Labels groups have been defined.
<NO Extension Numbers have been selected>                       (information)
        This occurs when View is selected in Primary Active Assignments
        when no telephone numbers have been selected as active.
<A record of this type already exists>                          (error)
        An attempt has been made to add a record when only record
        of this type is permitted. This applies to PABX configuration
        and Report Configuration.
<Maximum number of assignments (250) exceeded>                  (error)
        An attempt has been made to add more than the maximum number
        of assignments of telephone numbers in Primary Assignments
<Pages can be added to blank pages only>                        (error)
        Copying a page of line keys in Passive Line Assignments can
        only be performed on a page with no line keys assigned to it.
<Limit of 16 assignments per single party line exceeded>        (error)
        There is a maximum limit of 16 telephone number assignments
        for any one Outoing Party Line.
<This Monitor No: has already been defined>                     (error)
        The Monitor Number entered already exists as the Monitor
        Number of another Command Terminal.
<Code can only be 3 or 6 digits for omnibus type>               (error)
        This field can contain only the digits '3' or '6'
<Integrity check FAILED>                                        (error)
        One of the integrity tests performed when requesting a
        download configuration has failed. See the screen or report
        for more details.
<P.I.N. check FAILED. More P.I.N. 's required (see list above)> (error)
        There are more Command Terminals defined then P.I.N's. Add more
        P.I.N's so there is as many or more then the number of
        defined command terminals.
<Controller Labels check FAILED. See list above>                (error)
        Not all Controller Labels have been defined for all combinations
        of controllers in telephony and configuration number for a
        specific controller group.
<Max. Queue extension must be greater than Min. Queue extension> (error)
        The maximum queue extension number must be greater then
        the mininum  queue extension number in PABX configuration
<Automatic Answer Delay time must be a number from 1 to 9>      (error)
        The value for Automatic Answer Delay in PABX configuration
        must be a number from 1 to 9
<All the terminals defined have been assigned to a Controller Group> (information)
        This will occur when a choice list of command terminals is 
        selected and all the command terminals have already been
        assigned to a controller group.
<The mininum of 2 controllers in telephony been reached>        (information)
        This will occur when you are in Secondary Active Assignments and
        you try to decrease the number of controllers in telephony and
        you are already at the mininum number allowed.
<The maximum number of controllers in telephony has been reached> (information)
        This will occur when you are in Secondary Active Assignments and
        you try to increase the number of controllers in telephony and
        you are already at the maximum number allowed as defined in
        command terminal grouping.
<Download Configuration ABORTED by user request>                (information)
        The Download Configuration was aborted by the user.
<No Controller Label defined for this configuration>
        A Controller Labels has not been defined for this number
        of controllers in telephony and configuration number for a
        specific controller group.
<Call numbers must be unique>                                   (errer)
        Standard, Priority and Emergency Numbers must be unique numbers.
<No terminals have been assigned to this group>                 (error)
        No Command Terminals for the current controller group have
        been defined.
<This P.I.N. already appears in Controller Passwords>           (error)
        The Service personal PIN must be unique, and must not conflict
        with a PIN defined in Controller Passwords
<This record is used critically elsewhere. Deletion aborted>    (error)
        The request to delete a record has been denied as information
        in this record has a critical reference to another record. You
        must delete all releted records first before a delete request
        will be allowed
<No Command Terminals have been defined>                        (error)
        This will occur when a choice list of command terminals is 
        selected and no command terminals have been defined
<This P.I.N. already appears in Service Personnel Passwords>    (error)
        The Controller Password PIN must be unique, and must not conflict
        with a PIN defined in Service Personel
<UNKNOWN DATABASE ERROR>                                        (severe error)
        A read or write operation to the database has produced an
        unexpected condition. Proceeding with any operations after
        this point will seriosly impede the integrity of the database.
        It is strongly recommended after getting this error to exit
        the program and restart it.





